I do not doubt it
all
good morning to everyone to explain a little how is he
the counter attack
is a
by car with a tubular chassis on a lamborghini engine
v10 percent
with mat would be serious in 140 but the federation while being
restricted to approximately 4 30
the car then how can you invest in a very aggressive line still adds
prototype of wishing
and well, a 2005 car by car that we hope will be quite
competitive
especially in fast track is faster the more actions in which
was
decently
for this type of careers like that of
for this weekend or we do not think it's going well but you never know
you have to work hard and well
in the set-up of pensions mainly to tie it up makes
Montana
because one lives in his very hard thesis
a very rigid chelsea and that you have to work a little bit for this is your
presence have these clues
and as for the March in a room
it does not sound big enough and before equity they are
instead of burning count from the car is very well worked heroin
richly
percent and above all for circuits tested for mountaineers and neither
neither is it very primary
the copi is a pretty small area
bullet
a boston security deposit of thought
and it's a fairly simple car when it comes to driving
well the most complicated percent back infiltration
the story quite radical like all cars in this style
but we hope we can continue to dominate it little by little
he is the attractiveness of it then textile when putting it
the town controls triumph of the will take them from from the positions
away from the first positions until they
little by little in style we are getting to impose
this car in the posts above
I do not doubt it
all